# PassProtector - A Cloud-housted, Opensource Password Manager
Passwords are one of the most critical components to one’s security experience. A good password is long, seeming random, and not shared across applications. When a password meets these goals, it’s usually difficulty to remember and thus stored in a file somewhere. While this helps, it creates a serious security vulnerability. If a bad actor were to get access to this file, they’d be able to access all the user’s applications. Therefore, we present a cloud-hosted, opensource web application for saving passwords in an easy and secure way. 

PassProtector combines modern security features such as 2-factor authentication (2FA), encryption, browser tokens, and a secure connection to ensure that only the user can store, view or manipulate their password information. On account creation, users set a master password to access PassProtector’s encrypted password vault and access the PassProtector web application. Once in their vault, users can add accounts and passwords, add notes for their accounts, change passwords and notes, and delete accounts and passwords. To save their information, users only need to click the ”Save Vault” button, which re-encrypts the vault and sends it back to the server. For security, the server and database never receive a user’s master password or their plaintext vault, that information stays safely on their computer and is never sent over the internet. In addition to accessing their passwords through a web application, PassProtector offers a browser extension for password access. Once installed, this extension can be accessed on any webpage and used to find and copy a given account’s username and password.
